docs: remove vitepress theme, add monorepo commands (#2475)
shopware/frontends: apps/docs/README.md

    _Just for copy and past examples strictly no guides here._
  - **Community Modules**
    _List of know community Modules for Fronteds._

## Workflow

*This repository is embedded into [developer-portal](https://github.com/shopware/developer-portal) under the [/frontends/](https://developer.shopware.com/frontends/). This repository is also connected to the Shopware Dev Docs connector GitHub app which manages commit status checks in PRs and triggers production deployments.

## Development

1. Clone this repository

```bash
cd /www/
git clone git@github.com:shopware/frontends.git
cd frontends
```

> 2. Make sure you have your local copy of the developer-portal repository in the same parent directory.

Author: ```suggestion
2. Make sure you have your local copy of the `developer-portal` repository in the same parent directory.
```

```bash
pnpm docs:env
```

> 3. Link articles from your local copy of the release-notes into the developer-portal.

Author: ```suggestion
3. Link articles from your local copy of the `frontends` into the `developer-portal`.
```
